[Go] New Concept Exercise: maps WIP (#1351)
exercism/v3: languages/go/exercises/concept/maps/.docs/after.md

> Further Reading:
> 
> - [godoc-race-detector]
> - [goblog-race-detector]
> - [goblog-iteration-order]

Reviewer: I would suggest removing these additional reading links, as you also mention them at the end of the document and I think that makes more sense then starting with them :)

```suggestion
Further Reading:

- [godoc-race-detector]
- [goblog-race-detector]
- [goblog-iteration-order]
```

Author: Hmm, my intention is to give the reader some quick links to refer to, what do you think?

Reviewer: I would still prefer them to be at the end of the file. My reason for this is that I would like this document to make sense when reading from top to bottom. This is like a deep-dive before explaining the basics. The document also isn't that big that the links will go unnoticed when at the bottom of the file.

Author: Alright, I fixed it in 46fb946

Reviewer: Thanks!

> A `map` in Go is an associative data type that contains a collection of key/value pairs, which other languages might refer to as as dictionary or an associative array.

Reviewer: Is there maybe a document you can refer to that describes maps in Go?

Author: Fixed by 2bd7e2f

The value of an uninitialized map is `nil`, and you can define a map as follows:

```go
make(map[string]int)
```

or

```go
  var foo map[string]int
  foo = make(map[string]int)

> ```

Reviewer: I don't see the difference between the two ways to create a map, they both use the same function. Is there a difference that I am missing?

Is the other way to define a map:

```go
map[string]int{}
```

?

Author: > Is the other way to define a map:
Yep that's my point. My argument is that `make` can be used to initialize some built in data type like slice, map, and channel. I believe it's worth to mention you can also define `map` with `make`. I also leave out that you can specify the initial capacity when defining a map.

Reviewer: > Yep that's my point.

But I don't see `map[string]int{}` listed as an example? 😕

Author: Sorry about that and the previous comment 🤦‍,
I fixed it in 6229bd5

Reviewer 2: Seems you only fixed it in `introductions.md`...

> Here `string` represent the key type of map, and `int` represent the element type of map. You can change them to whatever valid golang type.

> To store a value in a map, you can use `=` operator like

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To store a value in a map, you can use the `=` operator:
```

```go
  foo["bar"] = 42
```

> `map` is indexed by its key, therefore, you are required to use different key if you want to store a different data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`map` is indexed by its key, therefore, you are required to use a different key if you want to store different data.
```

Reviewer: I'm wondering if this bit of text should be placed before the `=` assignment example before this.

> To get value from a map, you can use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get a value from a map, you can use
```

```go
  foo["bar"]
```

> Retrieving inexistent key from map will cause a runtime error, and to check if such a key exists you can do

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Retrieving a non-existent key from map will result in a runtime error. To check if such a key exists you can do
```

```go
  value, exists := foo["baz"]
```

To delete an item from a map, you can use

```go
  delete(foo, "bar")
```

> Here are something you need to be aware before using map:

Reviewer: I like this "be careful" section! Really useful.

- When you iterate over a map using range loop, go doesn't guarantee the order of the map [goblog-iteration-order]

> - If you try to write to a `map` from multiple go routine, that trigger the race detector, [see this link][godoc-race-detector] and [here][goblog-race-detector]. Alternatively, you can use `sync.Map` or `atomic` or `mutex` to work around this issue.

Reviewer: @tehsphinx You had a comment on the mentioning of the `sync.Map`/`atomic`. I think the question was: should we introduce these concepts here, correct?

Reviewer 2: They should not be introduced in this exercise. They are large concepts that need extra attention. I don't ming mentioning them in the `after.md` though.
